Add tips about service client and rate (#4132)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Beginner-Client-Libraries/Writing-A-Simple-Py-Service-And-Client.rst

          self.get_logger().info('service not available, waiting again...')
      self.req = AddTwoInts.Request()

> Below the constructor is the ``send_request`` method, which will send the request and spin until it receives the response or fails. Be careful not to run `rclpy.spin_until_future_complete` from within a ROS callback function! For more details `see here. <https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/How-To-Guides/Sync-Vs-Async.html#sync-deadlock/>`_

Reviewer: this tutorial does not run `rclpy.spin_until_future_complete` from the callback at all.
so i think this can be more general information, suggested fix below as recommending async call example.

```suggestion
Below the constructor is the ``send_request`` method, which will send the request and spin until it receives the response or fails.
Synchronous calls to services is not recommended design in callbacks, because it can lead to deadlocks.
For more details please see `Sync deadlock <https://docs.ros.org/en/{DISTRO}/How-To-Guides/Sync-Vs-Async.html#sync-deadlock>`__.
```

Below the constructor is the ``send_request`` method, which will send the request and spin until it receives the response or fails.

**Important:** ``rclpy.spin_until_future_complete`` cannot be executed under the context of another ``rclpy.spin``.
This means the function cannot be used within e.g. a ROS 2 subscriber callback. To avoid this issue you can store
data from the callback and run the service call later (outside of ``spin``).

> 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should put this in the beginner client library tutorials; this won't mean anything to beginners, and the point of the beginner tutorials is to show one way to do things.  So please remove this bit.

Author: I think calling a service from a callback is a natural thing to try, and it can be confusing when nothing happens. What if the wording is simplified, like:

Be careful not to run `rclpy.spin_until_future_complete` from within a ROS callback function! For more details [see here.](https://robotics.stackexchange.com/questions/88791/ros2-how-to-call-a-service-from-the-callback-function-of-a-subscriber)

Reviewer: How about adding the link to https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/How-To-Guides/Sync-Vs-Async.html#sync-deadlock?

      rclpy.spin_until_future_complete(self, self.future)
      return self.future.result()

> .. warning::
> 
>   Synchronous calls such as ``rclpy.spin_until_future_complete`` can cause deadlock.
>   For more details see the :doc:`sync deadlock article <../Sync-Vs-Async>`.
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: This is still wrong; the path here needs to be updated (sorry, I made a mistake in my earlier suggestion).

But the closer we get to putting this in, the less I like it here.  As a beginner user with this tutorial, what am I supposed to do about this warning?  The tutorial just told me to use it, and then it is warning me against it.  It doesn't make much sense to me.

Now that I think about this more, I think that if we want to do something here, we need to change the tutorial somehow so that it doesn't use this call, or at least uses it in a safe context.

What I'm going to suggest is that we just remove this line from this PR, so we can get the changes to the `Migrating-Python-Packages` in.  Then we can consider what to do here separately.

```suggestion
```

Author: > The tutorial just told me to use it, and then it is warning me against it.

Sure, but then if they use it _in the wrong way_  it will break **with no debug output**. That's what the warning should mean, "be careful how you use this". I still think my earlier explicit wording was better; we can shorten it to just say "Do not use this in a ROS callback" with a link to the other article for further reading.

I don't want to remove this entirely because then there will be no mention of the issue in any of the tutorials. This one-line warning will not be too confusing for beginners.

Obviously the final call is yours to make, so if this is too much go ahead and just merge the other file.

Author: @clalancette

>   For more details see `Sync deadlock <https://docs.ros.org/en/{DISTRO}/How-To-Guides/Sync-Vs-Async.html#sync-deadlock>`__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For more details see the :doc:`sync deadlock article <../Sync-Vs-Async>`.
```
